Name          |   Rarity    | Type | Attunement? | Description
------------- | -------------| -------- | ------------ | -----------
Tome of the Know it All | Very Rare | Book | NO | This book will allow the user to succeed any one knowledge/craft/profession check. It is consumed on use
The Cart Before the Horse  | Legendary | Carriage | NO | This cart is a stagecoach that is an ominous black color. It is nondescript and plushly lined with plenty of room to carry as many passengers as you might want and all of their luggage so long as every passenger is going to the same place. Horses fear the cart and will shy away from it, but if put into its harness they will calm down. As soon as the last passenger of the party is fully loaded onto the carriage, it will teleport to the destination, but the horse will disappear...
The Chest of the Mad Merchant | Legendary | Chest | NO | When metals are put into the chest, they appear to the observer to be of a more expensive category of metal. Iron -> Copper, Copper -> Silver, Silver -> Gold, Gold -> Platinum. This is a mind-affecting illusion. [Save WIS 10 + Highest character level of presenting group]
Ring of Memini | Legendary | Ring | YES | Creates a diminuitive version of yourself that follows you around as best it can. The Memini cannot use spells, but can use items and can fight with your stats and feats. The Memimi arrives in this plane naked and must be equipped. If the Memini dies, you suffer 2 CON damage that can only be recovered through a restoration spell (or similar) and the Memini cannot be recreated until one day has passed.
Wick's Edge | Very Rare | Scythe | YES | Wick was a necromancer of great reknown who would perform experiments testing the boundaries between the living and the dead. Wick's Edge was a scythe he created in order to peer into the mind of those sacrificed to his experiments. The Scythe allows vocal communication with the soul of the person/creature that it last killed. This effect lasts until the soul has crossed over completely which happens in an hour if nothing is done to contain it. [Deals 2d4 Slashing]
Doman's Chain | Very Rare | Amulet | YES | Created by the wizard Doman famed for his experiments in the balance of natural forces. As a reaction, the bearer of the amulet may take 1 INT or WIS damage (recovers on long rest) to gain resistance to all types of damage until the start of their next turn
Cudgel of Conjure Earth | Rare | Club | YES | Wherever this club hits, a mound of dirt equal to 1 cubic foot of dirt is dropped. This dirt disappears in 1d6+1 hours
Hairlock | Uncommon | Item | NO | This patch of enchanted fabric will bind to any living hair or fur. The bond is unbreakable so long as the hair lives. Incredibly embarassing for dwarves
Bag of Endless Breath | Uncommon | Item | NO | This bag is connected to the Plane of Air and contains an unlimited supply of breathable air for the user. It requires one hand to use effectively and therefore anyone using it has disadvantage on DEX checks
Hot Box | Uncommon | Item | NO | This iron box contains a leak to the Plane of Fire and if its lid is opened will burst forth in flames. Hot Boxes vary in power, but on average are about the intensity of a well built campfire
Quill of Signing | Rare | Item | NO | When a contract is signed with one of these quills, it compells the signer to abide by the terms of the contract as if they were under the effects of a Geas spell.
Rapidsapling | Uncommon | Item | NO | A seed that will grow into a full sized oak tree (60 Ft) in one hour
Thug Knife | Uncommon | Dagger | NO |Deals damage based on how stupid the wielder is [1d4 Slashing + 1 Slashing for every negative INT modifier the character has]
Poison of Defenstration | Uncommon | Poison | NO | When someone drinks or is inflicted by this poison, they are immediately flung out the nearest window. They will take appropriate fall damage
Wallflower Tincture | Common | Potion | NO | Makes the drinker unremarkable and generally unnoticable. Gain a +10 to hide, bluff, and disguise checks so long as you are acting nonchalant. Duration: 2 hours
Tears of the Fibrous God | Uncommon | Potion | NO | Makes the drinker INCREDIBLY good at using rope. Advantage on any skill checks where the goal is to use rope in some way. Duration 2 hours
Kinetic Ring | Rare | Ring | YES | Stores physical energy for use later. While wearing this ring, any melee attack made adds one charge. After successfully hitting with a melee attack, the wearer can sacrifice 10 charges in order to add 1d4 Bludgeoning damage to his/her next melee attack as well as knocking the target back 5ft. The wearer can sacrifice any multiple of 10 charges in order to make this effect stack
Ring of Fiery Success | Rare | Ring | YES | Any time you roll a 20 and you succeed, you succeed with FIRE. Attacks that succeed in this way deal an additional 1d6 Fire damage, other skill check that succeed in this way create some kind of ambient fire effect that may deal up to 1d6 fire damage to nearby creatures if such damage is beneficial to the success of the action
Meteoric Bar | Rare | Item | NO | When activated, this bar will constantly move up at a rate of 1ft per minute. It can carry up to 300lbs with no problem, otherwise it moves at half speed up to a final maximum weight of 450lbs
Distraction Wand | Common | Wand | NO | Creates a dazzling display of lights and sounds that attempts to break the concentration of any spellcasters. If any spellcasters are within 90 feet of the target spact of this wand, they must make an INT save (DC 15) or lose concentration on their current spell. 
Necklace of Dialects | Rare | Necklace | NO | The wearer of this necklace can only be understood by somoene wearing another of these necklaces who also speaks the same language as the speaker
Cloak of Mudmelt | Uncommon | Cloak | YES | 3x/Day, the wearer can melt into a muddy puddle, vanishing completely for up to 1 hour If the puddle dries up, the character instantly dies.
Hat of Neverending Vermin | Rare | Item | NO | Upon reaching into this hat, you are destined to pull out a living, breathing, scrambling creature just dying to escape. The hat gives no command or special benefits to controlling the vermin. Roll a 1d6 to determine the vermin type (1=Mouse 2=Mole 3=Rabbit 4=Weasel 5=Fox 6=Badger)
Javelin of Mana Fields | Legendary | Javelin | YES | Indestructible javelin. When this javelin is thrown, wherever it lands, a circle with radius 50ft. is created that becomes arcane land. Any arcane spells that are cast while the caster is standing on arcane land use a spell slot one lower than their actual spell slot.
